Add uniqueness validation property (#5110)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/users/attributes/manage-attributes.md

                </ul>
                At the moment, you can only configure this option for custom attributes.
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td><b>Uniqueness Validation</b></td>

>                 <td>Select one of the following scopes to control how uniqueness is validated for this attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <td>Select one of the following scopes to control attribute uniqueness:
```

>                 <td>Select one of the following scopes to control how uniqueness is validated for this attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <td>Select one of the following scopes to validate attribute uniqueness:
```
